Holy crap its almost February. What happened to January? Well its been a busy month for me. I [got engaged to my love Cassi](#/post/2016%20Goals%20-%20Update), I started a second part time gig, and I got some good work done with the MyUW dev team. We launched [2.0 of uw-frame](https://github.com/UW-Madison-DoIT/uw-frame/releases/tag/v2.0.1), which we are pretty proud of. It has [decent documentation](http://uw-madison-doit.github.io/uw-frame/latest/) and everything. I also built a gaming machine. It's so nice playing games in ultra setting. Probably why I haven't posted much really, lolz.

I also started running a bit again and my achilles doesn't hurt, YAY! I've only been going for a week or so. I have been slowly getting back into it. Only up to 2 miles right now, but the important thing is achilles is healthy. My brain wants to go go go, but I know that is how it happens. I've decided to start doing some weights to make sure my muscles stay healthy. Also doing some yoga from time to time. Oh, and biking to work. Yep, sayin' healthy!

##### Blog Dev Updates
+ Based on feedback (thank you thank you thank you for all the feedback!!!), I changed the navigation to a left sidebar using `md-sidebar` from angular material. Try it out, lemme know what you think via the feedback link.
+ Removed old nav (did you even know there was nav?)
+ Added a [tags home page](#/tag) with a zazzy lookin' cloud with my tags (thanks to [angular-jqcloud](https://github.com/mistic100/angular-jqcloud))
+ Fixed bug where the html from marked wasn't rendering in the single post page.
+ Updated detailed post header to have bread crumbs like tags
+ Upgraded various dependencies
