I'm not sure where to start. First lets talk about this change of weather. What gives mother nature? This winter had one great snow storm so far and I really enjoyed it. Now its just wet and rainy, temps in the 40s. Ugh, yuck. Some may like this warmer temps but it doesn't feel like its almost Christmas. Alas.

I switched cellphone carriers. I was with Straight Talk. It was okay, but I quickly got tired of it. I had a One Plus One. It was a great phone for the first couple months however the build quality was really subpar. After 8 months I needed a new phone. I selected the Nexus 5X. Two reasons, first it works with [Google Fi](https://fi.google.com/about/), second its a quality built phone. I am really enjoying it. I'm also really liking [Google Fi](https://fi.google.com/about/) so far.

This weekend is pretty low key for me, and wow did I need it. It has been a busy week so a lot of normal stuff (like writing in this) fell to the wayside. Right now I'm doing laundry, cooking, and writing this.

As for the blog build, I did some minor house cleaning. I upgraded angular to 1.4.8, and switched my markdown renderer to `angular-marked`. It seemed more maintained than `angular-md`, and it uses a newer version of `marked` behind the scenes.

I decided to collect feedback on this blog. Mostly because I'm not sure why you are all reading this. Are you interested in the day to day? Would you rather the posts be about technology? Basically, help me help you. You can find the [feedback form here](http://goo.gl/forms/RzKOcVq2YN) and in the menu.

Hope y'all have a good weekend!
