Every year I write a post reflecting what I did in the current year, and my aspirations for the year to come. This is that post for 2015 transitioning to 2016.  Looking back at [my 2015 post](http://lifewithtimtim.blogspot.com/2014/12/2014-was-relaxing-onward-to-2015.html) I had some great goals. I accomplished most of these goals, but I won't relive everything.

### 2015

In 2015 I had some pretty amazing trips! I visited Door county for a weekend for the 1/2 marathon. It is a cute little town. [I went to Florida](https://goo.gl/photos/ymgU2vCigSZyNNWNA) to meet my new niece Elle, she is adorbs. It was really good to see my sister and her family. I [hiked at Devils Lake](https://goo.gl/photos/7SqFpkDHBsyNohAY9) where I fell in love, but more on this later. [I went camping](https://goo.gl/photos/PY8eZDyvEmVYHPiN8) for the first time in years. We went to a place right on the Mississippi River, super cool. I took a 21 hour road trip through Canada to New York for a wedding. Fun times with new friends. I went to Texas (twice) with my good friend Ben to watch the [MotoGP race](https://goo.gl/photos/GYRwH8XGgCb3ktWg7) and the [Formula 1 race](https://goo.gl/photos/GxZfD1c27UeHp3qk9). Both times it rained, but we had a blast. I also traveled to Indy for some friends wedding. What.a.blast! [I ran the Chicago marathon](https://goo.gl/photos/w2keDF1c3LHXPz2DA) which was amazing, such a fun event. I also took a trip to the east coast to visit Cassi's family for Thanksgiving. That was also a super fun trip. [I also went back to GR](https://goo.gl/photos/FaeofCrNKmcaxQT96) (home town) for my parents 40th wedding anniversary (congrats again parents!). Everyone got to meet Cassi, and we had a great time. Looking back on it, 2015 was a great travel year.

I also had a lot of changes that happened in-town this year. I started dating and fell in love with my now girlfriend Cassi. We are like peas and carets. She is so amazing! Our personalities work very well together. I'm so lucky to have her in my life. Oh yeah, I moved twice! First from a two bedroom apartment downtown to a one bedroom in the same building. Then, Cassi and I took the next step and moved in together this past fall. It has been amazing, I'm excited to see what our future brings. As part of that second move, I migrated to the west side. I'm enjoying the quietness. I enjoyed downtown, don't get me wrong, but the noise can get to be a bit much.

As for my athletic goals; I did some of them, changed others, and had a blast. I ran 1 full marathon (26.2 miles), 2 1/2 marathons (13.1 miles), a couple other distant races. I competed in my first duathlon and won my age group. A first for me. I ended my season with the Chicago marathon where I was subjected to another injury, but after a winter of rest I'm hoping to get back out there. In the mean time my exercise consists of biking to & from work (7 miles each way) and a workout from a free app on my phone every now and again. Basically, taking it easy.

Work wise I got promoted, yay me. I also started a side business to do some consulting work. You can now pay me to make websites and/or applications, if one was so interested.

So there is 2015 in a nutshell. So much fun!

### 2016

What does 2016 have in store for me?

Athletically I would like to get back into running. Being off of it makes me sad and stuff. I would like to do some more biking, maybe another duathlon. Definitely not doing another marathon this year, lol. I don't have any hard goals except for to get healthy and get stronger. I feel my injuries always come back to the fact that I don't workout enough. I just go running. That can break down the body.

I would also enjoy taking a backpacking trip or camping of sorts. Controversy, I would like to have less trips than 2015. I had a blast this past year don't get me wrong, but I think I need a mellow year. I saw this quote a while back, and I've been using it a lot lately. "Be the change you want to see in the world." It really spoke to me. I think that should be my motto for the coming year.

What are your goals for the coming year?
